SOURCE_URL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/develop-ai-agents-azure/
TITLE: Develop AI Agents on Azure - Training | Microsoft Learn

Read in English
Develop AI agents on Azure
Learning Path
9 Modules
At a glance
Level
Intermediate
Skill
&nbsp;
Product
Foundry Tools
Microsoft Foundry
Role
AI Engineer
Subject
Artificial intelligence
Machine learning
Natural language processing
Generative Artificial Intelligence (AI) is becoming more functional and accessible, and AI agents are a key component of this evolution. This learning path will help you understand the AI agents, including when to use them and how to build them, using Microsoft Foundry Agent Service and Microsoft Agent Framework. By the end of this learning path, you will have the skills needed to develop AI agents on Azure.
Prerequisites
Before starting this module, you should be familiar with fundamental AI concepts and services in Azure. Consider completing the
Get started with artificial intelligence
learning path first.
Add
Achievement Code
Would you like to request an achievement code?
Request achievement code
Modules in this learning path
Develop AI agents with Microsoft Foundry and Visual Studio Code
Learn how to build, test, and deploy AI agents using Microsoft Foundry Agent Service through both the Azure portal and Visual Studio Code extension.
Add
Integrate custom tools into your agent
Built-in tools are useful, but they may not meet all your needs. In this module, learn how to extend the capabilities of your agent by integrating custom tools for your agent to use.
Add
Integrate MCP Tools with Azure AI Agents
Enable dynamic tool access for your Azure AI agents. Learn how to connect MCP-hosted tools and integrate them seamlessly into agent workflows.
Add
Build knowledge-enhanced AI agents with Foundry IQ
Learn how to connect AI agents with enterprise knowledge using Foundry IQ. You'll explore how Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) solves the knowledge problem for AI agents, discover how Foundry IQ provides a shared knowledge platform that multiple agents can access, improve retrieval quality through data optimization, and configure agent instructions for consistent, cited responses.
Add
Integrate your agent with Microsoft 365
Learn how to publish Microsoft Foundry agents to Microsoft Teams and Microsoft 365 Copilot, access workplace data with Work IQ, and test your integrated agents.
Add
Build agent-driven workflows using Microsoft Foundry
Workflows enable you to orchestrate AI agents and other components to create intelligent applications. Learn how to build and manage workflows using Microsoft Foundry.
Add
Develop an AI agent with Microsoft Agent Framework
This module provides engineers with the skills to begin building Microsoft Foundry Agent Service agents with Microsoft Agent Framework.
Add
Orchestrate a multi-agent solution using the Microsoft Agent Framework
Learn how to use the Microsoft Agent Framework SDK to develop your own AI agents that can collaborate for a multi-agent solution.
Add
Discover Azure AI Agents with A2A
Learn how to implement the A2A protocol to enable agent discovery, direct communication, and coordinated task execution across remote agents.
Add
Start
