SOURCE_URL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/resource-training
TITLE: Training Modules - Azure AI Search | Microsoft Learn

Table of contents
Exit editor mode
Ask Learn
Ask Learn
Focus mode
Table of contents
Read in English
Add
Add to plan
Edit
Share via
Facebook
x.com
LinkedIn
Email
Copy Markdown
Print
Note
Access to this page requires authorization. You can try
signing in
or
changing directories
.
Access to this page requires authorization. You can try
changing directories
.
Training - Azure AI Search
Feedback
Summarize this article for me
In this article
Training modules deliver an end-to-end experience that helps you build skills and develop insights while working through a progression of exercises. Visit the following links to begin learning with prepared lessons from Microsoft and other training providers.
Learning paths
Learning paths are a collection of training modules that are organized around specific roles (like developer) or technologies (like Azure AI Search). Azure AI Search is covered in two learning paths.
Microsoft Azure AI Fundamentals: Azure Document Intelligence in Foundry Tools and Knowledge Mining
includes two modules:
Fundamentals of Azure AI Search and knowledge mining
and
Fundamentals of Azure Document Intelligence
. Choose this learning path to broaden your understanding of when to use each technology.
Implement knowledge mining with Azure AI Search
includes eight modules that teach important skills. Choose this learning path to gain expertise in Azure AI Search.
Modules
Module
Learning path
Fundamentals of Knowledge Mining and Azure AI Search
Microsoft Azure AI Fundamentals
Create an Azure AI Search solution
Implement knowledge mining
Create a custom skill for Azure AI Search
Implement knowledge mining
Enrich your data with Azure Language in Foundry Tools
Create a knowledge store with Azure AI Search
Implement knowledge mining
Implement advanced search features in Azure AI Search
Implement knowledge mining
Search data outside the Azure platform in Azure AI Search using Azure Data Factory
Implement knowledge mining
Perform vector search and retrieval in Azure AI Search
Implement knowledge mining
Perform search reranking with semantic ranking in Azure AI Search
Implement knowledge mining
Maintain an Azure AI Search solution
Implement knowledge mining
RAG-centric modules
Build a RAG-based copilot solution with your own data using Microsoft Foundry
Implement Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with Azure OpenAI in Foundry Models
Pluralsight training
Add search to apps (Pluralsight)
Developer course (Pluralsight)
Feedback
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
No
Need help with this topic?
Want to try using Ask Learn to clarify or guide you through this topic?
Ask Learn
Ask Learn
Suggest a fix?
Additional resources
Last updated on
2025-11-18
